In today's lecture, we will simply get in touch with JavaScript, and learn how to set up the development
environment. Finally, we will learn how to start our JS project through a simple code.

What is JavaScript?
Javacript is one of the most popular and wildely used programming language in the wolrd right now. 
It's growing faster than any other parogramming languages. You can work as a front-end developer
back-end developer or a full stack developer.

What can you do with it?
For a long time, JavaScript was only used in browsers to build interective web pages. Now you can 
build web or mobile apps as well as real time networking application such as chats and video streaming services,
command line tools or even games. 

Where does JavaScript code run?
JavaScript was orginally designed only in browsers, so every browser has what we a called JavaScript engine that 
can execute JS code. For example, the JS engines in Firefox and Chrome are SpiderMonkey and v8.

Every browser has a JS engine and we can easily write JS code without any additional tools. Of course, it is not
how we build real world applications. It is just a quick demo.

So, open a browser such as chrome and right click on an empty area and go to inspect. Then we are at the chrome develope
tools. Select the console tab. This is the JS console, and we can write any valid JS code here. 

You can type this: console.log('Hello World.')
(console dot log, put a single quote here and then type Hello World. Put another quote, then add a semicolon at the end.)

Now, press enter and you can see the Hello World message in the console. 

We can also write mathematic expressions here. Like we type 6*9, then enter, the result will also appear in the console.

Or we can do something like this,let us type alert('What's up!'), enter, then as you can see, here pops up a windows with 
What's up!

We then learn how to set up the development environment. In order to formally write a JS code, you need a code editor. There
are varius code editors out there, including Visual Studio Code, or say VS Code, Sublime Text and so on. Let us use vs code
to edit JS code in this course. After you are familiar with JS programming. You can turn to other editors as you like.

First， go to vs code official site, download and install vs code. https://code.visualstudio.com
VS code is a simple, corssplatform editor.

Now, let us start our first JS project. Firstly, we creat a new folder. js-basics.
The name doesn't matter, we just creat a folder to put all the code we write latter in this course.

Then we open VS code and click Open folder. Then in the popped up window, find and choose the folder you created
just now. You can also just drag the folder you created to vs code directly. Now we get this folder open. You can see your 
folder name on the left side. Let's then creat a new file here. Click the new file botton. The new file botton is the first
botton to the left of the folder name.

We name the new created file as index.html. We will learn what the html here mean in the future. Now I want you to type an
explanation mark ! and then press tab. This generate some basic HTML biolerplate. We are going to ues this as a host for our 
JS code. So save the changes. Now, open the extensions tab here. Here in this box, seach for and install live server. Live 
server is a lightweight web server and we gona use it to serve our web application. After installing, you have to restart 
vs code to make it work.

After restart, go to the explorer tab, right click index.html and select open with live server. This will open your default 
browser. The window will point to this address http://127.0.0.1:5500/index.html. That is where our web application is served
from. Currently, we have an empty page. Now to make sure everything is workig property, we back the vs code.

Here in the body section, let us add an h1 and press tab and type JS Classroom . Here the h1 means head 1. Therefore, the contencts
you add between h1 will be taken as the head of the website. Now save the changes and back to the broswer, you can see this page
is refreshed automatically and we have got the JS Classroom heading here. 

Now we begin to write our first JS code. In order to write a JS code here, we need a script element. There are two places where 
we can add a script element. We can add it here in the head section, or in the body section. It is better to put the script element 
in the body section. Because the browser run this file from top to bottom. If we put this script element in the head section, we 
will have a lot of JS code there, then the browser may get busy excuting JS code. And even worse, it may not be able to render the 
content of the page. So this will creat a bad user experience.

And typically, we put a script element after all the other elements. So we put it behind h1. To put a script element,
we type script and press enter or tab. The second reason is almost alway, the code that we have in between script element needs to
talk to the element on thi web page. As an example, we may want to show or hide some elements. So by adding the code here, at the end
of body section, we will be confifdent that all these element are rendered by the browser now. 

In the script element, we are gona to write the same code as we in the console. We write console.log("Hi, there.");

What we have here is a statement. It is a piece of code that expresses an action to be carried out. In this case, we want to log a 
message on a console. All statement in JS should be terminated with a semicolon. What we have have here, in between single quote, is 
called a string. As you can see, string is a sequence of characters. 

In JS, we also have this notation. We can add two slashes and this represent a comments. So here we can add some description to our
code and this description is ignored by the JS engine. It is not excuted. It is just for documenting the code. When you want to explain
to others who may read or use your code, you can write down your explantions by a comment.

Save the changes, then back to the browser. We need to bring the console back up, so right click somewhere in the blank and go to the 
inspect element, select the console tab, then you can see the hello world message.

